on a lap of her f is important to open
up the final corner before it brings you
onto the start/finish straight the best
you can you need all the speed you can
before the run up the hill towards term
one it climbs quite steeply you feel
good compression in the car before
feeding the car into the right the car
goes light on the exit and it's easy to
overdo that one in to turn to hug the
inside nice and tight and sacrifice the
exit to open up turn three the best you
possibly can the track winds its way
round turn for hug in the inside before
flat out around the right-hand curve or
term five and again into turn 6 another
fast right-hander feed the car to the
right hand side before the S is the left
and the right brings you onto the back
straight down towards turn 9 a hairpin
hundred eighty degrees brake as late as
you can and use all of the check on the
exit before winding the car back to the
right-hand side for this flat out left
hand king of term ten keep the car on
the right hand side before turn 11
another fast left-hander feel the
g-force build up on your body and then
get the car back over to the left hand
side to open up the next right-hander of
turn 12 and then into turn 13 easy to
overdo it on the exit this one as well
it grabbed them traps waiting for you
there on the exit a fast right-hander
follows that one as well keep it flat
out into turn 15 the bravest corner of
them all before you bring the car back
to the right hand side and break in a
nice straight line you don't want to
upset the rear of the car as you turn
into the final corner on the track and
don't use too much curb as well on the
exit and that's the lap at her f